1)
yes i believe hackers can control our home because thanks to IOT (internet of things ) everything became connected and the majority of people have all sorts of technologies in their houses .
for example , there are some security systems that allow us to get into our houses without a key, activate the heat based on the current temparature and we even have virtual assistants these days like google home .
To dive a ittle bit deeper in my answer,I want to say that at the end of the day , the internet of things is a double edged sword since it can help us achieve really great things but at the same time , these amazing technologies can be used by the wrong people , I can think of some examples : 
	-a hacker can change the digital lock of your home
 	-copy your voice to control your home's virtual assistant which can cause a disaster.
	-fake a person's presence so that the house opens for the hacker.
Finally , if a hacker can somehow get access to such system or virtual assistant , which is very likely to happen , we can only imagine what could happen. we will most definetly lose full access to our home but before we get to that point,  an attacker can also manage to get his hands on sensitive and personal information or steal big amounts of money. So in the end, IoT has made our homes smarter but also less secure. Hackers can use these devices to break in, control systems, and steal information. While IoT is convenient, we need strong security to keep our homes safe.

2)
To answer this question , I just want to say that IOT isn't a futuristic idea , we are living in the new era of internet of things . and Spain is the perfect example as it has cities that are almost fully connected .
the fact that massive amounts of money are invested in this idea of IOT only shows us how serious and big of a thing it really is as it is basically used by every component of our society such as humans and factories for example , not to mention that there are cities that already use it , we can only say that it really is reliable for now.
Aditionally , with the developpement of artificial intelligence and new technologies, the aspect of IOT can completely change in the future
, it can be used for power management or as a security measure for almost everything and anything. And as said earlier , the fact that IOT already exists in our current generation and is used in our daily lives is only proof that it is reliable and will technically always be.
 In the end , Ibelieve that every individual will fully integrate IOT in their daily life and that humanity is about to witness a future that's a 100% connected since we have arrived to the point where data is the numbr one language in the world and technologies can do anything better than humans so it is safe to say that IOT is and will be reliable . 
FIN
